initial version to commit to develop (#1)
Metatavu/github-readme-footer-generator: README.md

# Github Readme Footer Generator

This script is used to generate custom footer component under public repositories of organization. The script can detect presense of previosly added footer components and user is promted to either overwrite or skip these repositories, so the script SHOULD be safe to run multiple times.

Unexpected behavior may occur if the affected repository changes mid execution of the script.

## How to use
### Cloning Repository, Installing Dependencies, and Running Node.js Script

1. Clone the repository using the following command:
```
   git clone git@github.com:Metatavu/github-readme-footer-generator.git
```

2. Move to the cloned project file with command:
```
  cd github-readme-footer-generator
```

> 3. run npm install to get dependencies with command:

Reviewer: Add .nvmrc and a step to ensure that the user is using correct version of nodejs

# Github Readme Footer Generator

> This script is used to generate custom footer component under public repositories of organization. The script can detect presense of previosly added footer components and user is promted to either overwrite or skip these repositories, so the script SHOULD be safe to run multiple times.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This script is used to generate custom footer component under public repositories of organization. The script can detect presence of previously added footer components and user is prompted to either overwrite or skip these repositories, so the script SHOULD be safe to run multiple times.
```
